Zhang Shoucheng
You can't get along with the Qin family again and again
Do you want to die?
What is the identity of this Qin family head?
Bring you tea training in person
How dare you ignore the praise
You are so shameless
You won't be a piece of crap
Forget it if you don't drink tea, you still dare to slander the Qin family head
Are you crazy?
Birthday brother
This is the tea handed to us by the head of the Qin family
How could it be poisonous?
You can't read it wrong, can you?
This tea is mixed with centipede blood
Drink it and you will die
Am I right?
The Qin family advocates a long mouth
What nonsense are you talking about?
This tea is fine at all
If you don't believe me, I'll show it to you
You see we have something to do?
How could there be a problem with the tea given by the Qin family master?
If you don't believe me, I'll try it too
Zheng Shoucheng
You waste hauler, it's endless
Your in-laws are so sincere
How can it be found that you are poisonous?
You have nothing to say now
This centipede blood was taken from them
Of course it's okay for them
Since you are so sincere
Why don't you give Qin Yu a sip of this tea?
Come to Zhang Kancheng
Even if you are my guest
Can't you be so foolish?
Do you still want to humiliate my son on the spot?
Zhang Shoucheng, I see you
It is clear that the head of the Qin family and the secretary are fine
deliberately looking for trouble
He actually dared to wrong the head of the Qin family
You are really being unreasonable
Shameless
It is the head of the Qin family who offered you tea to give you face
How dare you wrong him?
Defend the city, did you read it wrong?
Oops, don't ask
He must have done it on purpose
I don't want you to drink it, you lunatic
Three drinks, old lady
Since you are courting death
Then don't blame me for not stopping you.
Who asked you, a lunatic, to stop you?
Brush money and don't drink